capital = 2025
primary_culture = wakandan
religion = animist
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.15
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 80.00
civilized = yes
prestige = 18

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = free_press
trade_unions = all_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = low_minimum_wage
work_hours = twelve_hours
safety_regulations = good_safety
health_care = good_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = low_subsidies
pensions = good_pensions 
school_reforms = good_schools


# New Reforms
conscription = mandatory_service
debt_law = debtors_prisons
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_illegal
citizens_rights = culture_voting_only
border_policy = closed_borders
centralization = federalism
colonial_policy = no_colonies 

set_country_flag = animist_country


ruling_party = WAK_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 10
	conservative = 70
	reactionary = 20
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

schools = army_tech_school

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "WAK_oob.txt"
